(# About Me)

Hi everyone! My name is Lydia Osborne and my pronouns are she/her. I am a sophomore at Christoper Newport University majoring in communication with minors in women’s and gender studies and digital humanities. My interest in this course developed because I long to become better at writing and develop some basic knowledge as to what DH entails before I delve deeper into the minor.
This is my first class taken under DH, but I have plans to continue with this minor as my career interests involve branding, creative advertising, writing, and production. This minor appears to teach a variety of creative skills while also emphasizing **interactivity**, pulling in my desire to connect with others, which is essential in my future career plans. If working in advertising does not go well for me, I plan to go to graduate school and become an LCSW for mental health therapy with a specialization in art therapy.  

Initially, my interest in DH began because I was intrigued by the term. Any subject under the humanities has always fascinated me, as has digital creation, so the idea that these two seemingly very different worlds can merge is appealing. So far in this course, we have discussed how DH is an umbrella term, encompassing a variety of different disciplines to form a product that enhances a classical humanity experience into something even more educational and interactive than previously possible. The fact that it is inventive, innovative, and constantly evolving motivates me into wanting to be a part of it.

Additionally, DH incorporates a lot of the areas that I hold curiosities about like developing content, technology, music, literature, art, education, and human behavior. The myriad of ways in which the subject matter can be applied is compatible for someone like me, who prefers dipping her toes into all kinds of waters instead of honing in on one particular hobby. DH allows me to implement my scatterbrained interests into a variety of different projects. For instance, I could take my admiration for Chagall’s art and the computer science skills I will gain to code an interactive way to view his paintings to educate a user on all of the intricate [symbols] (https://www.artsy.net/article/artsy-editorial-marc-chagalls-jewish-identity-crucial-best-work) within them. Or, I could use utilize my fascination with Greek mythology and feminism to create an immersive way for a user to discover a more accurate retelling of [Medusa’s story] (https://www.vice.com/en/article/qvxwax/medusa-greek-myth-rape-victim-turned-into-a-monster) than the one seen commonly in popular media.

Outside of DH, I enjoy theatre, journaling, reading, making oddly niche playlists, listening to Taylor Swift’s entire discography (I have four playlists _just_ for her), and getting lost in a rabbit hole of Pinterest aesthetics. Over this past summer, I worked as a Bath & Body Works sales associate ( I am now nose blind). I also participated in an internship with [Douglass Community Services] (https://www.douglassonline.org/) collaborating with their chief development officer to design and write informational pamphlets for their fiftieth anniversary. This non-profit organization reaches many areas of Missouri with a variety of services like after-school programs, food pantries, housing services, and so much more. It was an incredible learning experience that I only could have gotten through the CNU Career Center's [Handshake account] (https://cnu.joinhandshake.com/stu/schools/617), so I highly recommend looking out for emails from Christina Sincere, the internship coordinator, because you never know what you might find. I am excited to learn more about DH and what it entails and look forward to getting to know everyone. Thank you for reading a little bit about me. 

