(# Reflection)

I was intimidated when I first started this class. I did not have a clear understanding of what digital humanities is and what a writing-intensive looks like in college. One of the first projects we looked at was a website that when refreshed, presented a new digital humanities definition. This was the first time I realized that digital humanities look different to everyone and that is what makes it so interesting and special. This is what I tweeted after viewing that project:

{tweet defining digital humanities}(https://lydiaosborne.github.io/Lydia-s-Digital-Telegram/images/firstdhtweet.png)

From this point on, I recognized that digital humanities can be fairly customizable to one’s interests. Though the subject matter should include fundamental ideas like being interactive, educational, and enhancing the traditional humanities in some form, there is so much room for creativity and exploration within the field. I remember telling my parents after the first couple of weeks of the class what I was learning and how I was already thinking about project ideas. It was exciting to enlighten them on a topic that they have never heard of before because it is still fairly new and niche. 

Now that I have nearly finished the course, my definition of digital humanities still remains fairly similar to what it was at the beginning. Though I will say that now I have a better understanding of what digital humanities actually looks like in more forms. Something that I found extremely helpful was the _Reviews in Digital Humanities_ journal we examined in class. When learning about DH, it can be difficult to conceptualize what a concrete project would actually look like, so scanning through these various works was extremely beneficial to me. I reviewed the _Indian Community Cookbooks Project_, an archive created by Indian college students that exemplified the cultural significance of food. This project contained timestamps of when recipes were created, sorting them by region with the purpose of users discovering the beautiful nuance of cookbooks throughout Indian communities. What I especially enjoyed was the interactive component where users could add their own recipes to contribute data to the lesser-known Indian communities. This addition was inspiring to me because it showed how DH utilizes technology to continuously advance and innovate in ways a traditional tool would not. 

{page of Indian cookbook website where user can submit recipes}(https://lydiaosborne.github.io/Lydia-s-Digital-Telegram/images/indiancookbook.png)

Another aspect of the course that I found helpful in understanding DH was realizing that it is not just posting on social media, using technology, or blogging. Before the course started I thought DH was using technology in creative ways like through social media or digital marketing or being an influencer persona. I had no idea that there were more layers to it than simple designs or posts. DH is abstract, encouraging critical thinking, creativity, and innovation. I found myself resonating with the discipline fairly quickly due to these qualities. Out-of-the-box thinking seems to be encouraged in this field. The more specific and unique the idea, the more likely it has not been done before, which is something you want when publishing. The possibilities that can cultivate as a creator are thrilling. With DH there is always a new leaf to uncover with new projects, software, and endless combinations of technology and humanities studies. To me, it feels like a different way of thinking about traditional ideas, and that is incredibly intriguing.

This class has forced me to grow creatively and as a critical thinker, but also as a writer. I have never thought about writing the way this course has caused me to think of it. For example, understanding that you can merge professionalism and personality in something like tweets with gifs and emojis is a wildly new concept to me. I have always been taught to format things in a specific way, never considering that the way words not just sound but look visually can be just as important, which becomes crucial in online formats like blogging. 

This class also opened my eyes to concepts I was not aware of like visualization ethics. This article, _Racism in the Machine: Visualization Ethics in Digital Humanities Projects_ was probably one of the most interesting pieces I have read in college. It demonstrated to me how visual choices have to be intentional, and that not everything is as simple as the colors look nice together because the colors can be meaningful to the interpreter within certain contexts. 

Finally, this class helped me think about my future. Like most college students, the future seems daunting. I have so many passions and dreams, but I lacked direction and specificity. With the knowledge I have gained from this course, I have become more confident in that I do want to pursue digital humanities further and possibly attend graduate school for the subject. I look forward to taking more digital humanities courses in the future as my minor.



